The forest has become empty. Rarely do you encounter someone anymore, except of course, the insects. As if nothing affects them, they still buzz and hum like in days past. They fly around, they bite, suck blood, they follow you aimlessly if you accidentally end up on their path and crawl quickly from here to there until you wipe or squash them. Their world is just like before, but it will not stay like that forever. One day, even the insects will get their turn! Of course, I don't see that yet, nobody does. But the day will arrive, I'm quite sure of that. Although I'm not outside that often anymore - once a week perhaps I'll go above ground to get some water near the spring. I wash myself and my companion, scrub his warm body. It takes lots of water; i have to go to the spring multiple times and rarely do I encounter somebody to have a conversation with. Usually nobody. Now and then a goat or wild boar. They start to cringe even when they only smell me, and when I his at them they stand motionless and look at me stupidly without coming closer. They lurk me, as if it were a miracle, a human being speaking the language of the snakes! They are scared of me. Preferably, they would jump into the bushes head over heels, even breaking their legs in the process, to get as far away from that strange bastard as they can, but that's impossible. The words don't allow it. Even more powerful I his at them, strictly forcing them to come closer. The beats sniff anxiously, dragging themselves towards me unwillingly. I can be merciful and set them free but why would I? I feel a wonderful hatred for the new inhabitants who don't know the ancient customs and prance around the forest as if it were made especially for them. That's why I hissed a third time and this time my words are heavy like a mucky, squashy swamp that offers no escape. Like arrows from a bow, the enraged animals fly at me while their bowels burst open due to the tension. They rip open like a too tight pants and their intestines flow over the grass. It looks gross and I'm not proud at myself, but still I will use my power over them. Not like it is my fault that those beasts don't remember the snake language that my ancestors once thought them? One time it went differently. Walking back on my way from the spring, lifting a heavy water barrel on my shoulder, I saw a huge elk on the way. I hissed a few simple words, already feeling my contempt about his confusion. But the elk wasn't frighted when he heard, unexpectedly long forgotten words from the mouth of a human. He lowered his head, quickly approached me, knelt and humbly showed his neck, just like in the old days, when we called elks to us to slaughter and eat. When I was a little boy, I often watched my mother refill our winter supplies this way. From a big herd, she chose the appropriate animal, called it to her and almost without effort cut his throat. The hunt of the villages seemed so ridiculous compared to the simple way we managed to get our food. They chased an elk for hours on end, shot a few arrows into the bushes and often returned home disappointed and with empty hands. When the only thing you really needed was just a few words to force an elk on its knees! Like now. The big and strong elk lay at my feet and waited for the deciding blow. I could have killed him with one fell swipe. But I didn't.