This reminds me of a game idea I've had for a couple of years (a pretty sick idea at that): Concentration Camp Tycoon.
So, I just got engaged last night and want to do an elemental themed wedding, likely using some Pokemon figures and stuff.
So I wiped my ass with a towel and put it back on the rack since it's not like it was my place anyways.
I'm not sure I agree, the original fallouts had profoundly leftist politics, communist even which is why they can't be considered good.
I made holes in several of my pants' pockets just so I can run my fingers through my pubes. It soothes me.
I used to smoke, so i wouldn't be fat, but then i realized i liked breathing, so i quit; weight came back like a motherfucker.
My biggest problem is that it's pretty hard to add sugar to soda and not have it lose its fizzyness.
I don't fuck idiots, you can catch Down's syndrome.
I spray it directly onto my cat. She smells like a field of linen now.
I'm a bit of a badass and constantly need to be censored/monitored.
Universities exist solely to indoctrinate impressionable young minds with groupthink and socialist theory.
It was so perfect thatCouldn't go for a swim to "bathe" either because the pool had become essentially a cess pool. I left it alone for 3 days before flushing.
I don't really look forward to a generic act called "sex." I look forward to ejaculating inside a female. It will be an affirmative act.
But he forgot that a world without mankind can't possibly thrive. It was touched on in G Gundam.
I cook doritos in oil. But my shame is not that, it's that I drink the oil when it has cooled down.
Yes, im a virgin -- by choice Being voluntarily celibate doesnt make you pathetic. i could have lots of sex if i wanted.
I genuinely thought I invented poopsocking and when I learned that it was already a thing I felt cheated out of something I can't quite name
I've been doing this staring into the internet shit for a long time. I'm even pretty sure I've jerked off 'ironically' more than once.
ut now I am proud of my incel status
Speaking of the backyard, it looked a bit like Auschwitz.
and I yelled "set phasers to kill groids!"
I'm not gonna lie, but that is the most beautiful shot of London I've ever seen since Kingdom Hearts 1.
It's obvious, biologically speaking, why women can't be Adeptus Astartes, in fact their muscle density is
I have survived the last two weeks entirely on cheerios
Am I the only one who wanted Marty McFly to bone his mom in Back to the Future?
Couldn't go for a swim to "bathe" either because the pool had become essentially a cess pool.
Anyways, dead or not, it's still nipples and maybe vagina (I'm not sure)
I pissed the bed once while drunk and when it dried it didn't smell. So I didn't wash the sheets.
What's the point of rights in general? I say we focus on fulfilling concrete needs and a greater purpose.
I don't believe in "faulty brain chemistry".
Do what your doctor says so you don't die? What kind of fucking manipulative terror tactic bullshit is that?
Please accept these erotic Smash Bros. Brawl screenshots I took
I really liked drinking the concentrate syrup thing they use in soda fountains to make the soda so I took a couple bag of it from my macjob
I'll have you know that my encyclopedic knowledge of poorly drawn furry porn is ironic.
I just don't understand. I've eaten nothing but Lean Pockets for the past 2 months but I'm still gaining weight!
i'm a 26 year old virgin i mostly fantasize about facial hair growth (my own) while masturbating.